Contents:
		
This help window contains in-depth explanations of 
every aspect of the IP Address Lookup. Navigate
through the different tabs to read about anything 
that you may need more information about.

Instructions:

1. Plug into network switch
         - connect computer to the switch via ethernet
2. Choose Site
         - select your current site from the dropdown menu
         - if your site is not listed, you can add a new site
         - if your site is incorrect, you can edit the site
3. Change computer IP Address
         - click on the button to change the IP Address of 
           your computer
4. Refresh computer IP Address
         - click the refresh button in the top right to update 
           the IP Address

Sites:

This is a list of all the sites listed in the given csv
file. If this list is incorrect, it can be edited in a 
number of ways. Sites can be added, edited, or 
removed. In addition to this, a whole new list of sites
can be imported as a new csv file.

Add:

When adding a new site, remember to double check 
that the name and IP Address of the site are correct 
and then click confirm. The site will now be visible 
in the site dropdown list.

Remove:

When removing a site, double check that you have 
selected the correct site from the dropdown list and 
click confirm. After a site is removed, it will no 
longer be visible in the site dropdown list. If a site
is removed accidently, it can always be added back 
into the list manually.

Edit:

When editing a site, remember to double check that 
you have selected the correct original site and that the 
changed values are correct. After confirm is clicked,
the site should be updated within the site dropdown. If
an error was made editing a site, it can always be fixed
be manually editing the site again.

IP Address:

Your Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) is the 
unique identifier assigned to your device in order
to make a network connection. This identifier is 
denoted by a numerical label separated into 4 octets
of values from 0-255.

PLC Address:

A Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) is a digital 
computer designed to run the specific commands 
programmed into it. This is the address of the PLC that 
this software will be talking to.

Ping:

After your IP Address is configured, you have the ability
to ping PLC/Telnet or the router. This means that a 
ping is sent to check the network reachability of the 
device. This will show if the network connection is 
present and how fast the connection is.

PLC/Telnet:

You can ping the PLC by selecting the "Ping PLC/
Telnet" button. This will open a command prompt that 
will  display the ping results to the PLC. These results
will display both the connectivity and the latency 
of the connection.

Router:

You can ping the router by selecting the "Ping Router"
button. This will open a command prompt that will 
display the ping results to the router. These results
will display both the connectivity and the latency 
of the connection.

CSV File:

There is a stored CSV file with all of the sites and 
their IP Addresses. This csv file can be edited in many
ways within this program. In addition to this, the file can 
be imported and exported by the user.
.
The format for this file is as follows..
site1, 123.123.123.123
site2, 456.456.456.456
site3, 789.789.789.789

Import/Export:

The CSV file containing the sites and their IP 
Addresses can be both imported and exported. An 
imported csv file can either completely replace the
existing csv file or merge with the existing file. 
Duplicate sites will be merged and new sites will be 
added. When a csv file is  exported, it will be 
exported as the current state of the file at the time 
of export.